hello I'd like to thank you for checking
out our auction today the horn that
you're looking at is a very beautiful
vintage con silver-plated curve soprano
saxophone this is the original silver
plate and as you can see from the
pictures it's got some beautiful
beautiful condition of course there's
are some blemishes and scratches and
stuff throughout the horn but overall
it's in beautiful condition it looks
great we've had a professionally cleaned
yo number on the sax is a 64,000 and it
is a low pitch model and it is Keith all
the way up to high F which is good when
you're looking for vintage Sopranos the
pads on them it looks like it's got a
lot of the original con reso pads in it
you can tell by the the rim around the
pad there and the resonator the pads on
it are definitely older but as you can
hear from you playing the horn is in
playing condition but if you're going to
want to get in one hundred percent
condition you want to get some pad work
done and some adjusting work and things
like that but everything's there
everything's working nothing's frozen
are stuck and it's actually a beautiful
beautiful horn it's got a beautiful neck
on it a lot of times these attacks necks
will get bent on it but it's in
beautiful condition and it does come in
the original case as well but the handle
on the case has been bro
Oh
ah
I
Oh